It's not me you should apologize
It's Xia Zhu, sorry Xia Zhu
Sorry Xia Zhu
Sorry you woke up
Xia Zhu, I'm sorry you woke up
Die, mommy, it's mommy, I'm sorry, mommy.
I know you did it for my own good
Mommy, I'm fine.
Little pig, little pig, you save me, little pig, they want
They're going to kill me I don't want to die
I don't want to die.
Lower Lily
When you made me uninsured
Have you ever thought about the consequences?
Enough summer lilies
You do all the bad things.
You should also pay for everything you have done
Dogs never want
Dogs don't do this to me
Hancheng, you said you would marry me
Hancheng Go West Hancheng
Thank you for saving me today
But I don't need your help.
Uncle me
The reason why Sayuri does all the bad things
All because you blindly believed him
Gave him a chance
After all, it caused today's situation
All because of you
Sorry but no
I don't need your apology.
Neither I nor my children will forgive you
Never will
Please stay away from us
I'll take you to the hospital right now